[Feature] Weights New Package (#5737)
CGAL/cgal: Weights/doc/Weights/Weights.txt

namespace CGAL {
namespace Weights {

/*!
\mainpage User Manual
\anchor Chapter_Weights

\cgalAutoToc
\author Dmitry Anisimov

\section Weights_Intro Introduction

> Many geometric algorithms rely on the intermediate computation of scalars, so-called *weights*,
> which are then used for solving different linear systems or to favor one result over another,
> so-called *weighting*. This package provides a simple and unified interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many geometric algorithms rely on the intermediate computation of scalars, so-called *weights*,
which are then used for solving different linear systems or to favor one result over another,
also known as *weighting*. This package provides a simple and unified interface
```

to different types of weights.

> A typical example of a geometric algorithm that requires weights is a *Laplace smoothing*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical example of a geometric algorithm that requires weights is the *Laplace smoothing*
```

of a triangle mesh:

\f$v_i \leftarrow v_i + h \lambda\Delta v_i\f$,

> where \f$v_i\f$ is a position of the mesh vertex \f$i\f$, \f$h\f$ is a sufficiently
> small time step, \f$\lambda\f$ is a scalar diffusion coefficient, and \f$\Delta v_i\f$
> is a discrete average of the *Laplace-Beltrami operator* at vertex \f$v_i\f$ computed
> using the *cotangent weights*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where \f$v_i\f$ is the position of the mesh vertex \f$i\f$, \f$h\f$ is a sufficiently
small time step, \f$\lambda\f$ is the scalar diffusion coefficient, and \f$\Delta v_i\f$
is the discrete average of the *Laplace-Beltrami operator* at vertex \f$v_i\f$ computed
using the *cotangent weights*:
```

\f$\Delta v_i = w_i\sum_{v_j \in N_1(v_i)} w_{ij} (v_j - v_i)\f$,

where \f$w_i = \frac{1}{2A_i}\f$ and \f$w_{ij} = \cot\beta_{ij} + \cot\gamma_{ij}\f$
and \f$A_i\f$ is a *local averaging domain*.

Here, the weights \f$w_{ij}\f$ can be computed using the
\ref PkgWeightsRefCotangentWeights "cotangent weight" and the
local averaging domain can be computed using the

> \ref PkgWeightsRefMixedVoronoiRegionWeights "mixed Voronoi region weight". The
> algorithm above smooths the mesh geometry that leads to a smoother version of the
> original mesh. The full example of the discretized *Laplacian* for all vertices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\ref PkgWeightsRefMixedVoronoiRegionWeights "mixed Voronoi region weight". The
algorithm above smooths the mesh geometry, resulting in a higher quality version of the
original mesh. The full example of the discretized *Laplacian* for all vertices
```

of a triangle mesh can be found \ref Weights_Examples_WeightedLaplacian "here".

There are many other scenarios where the weights from this package are used. In particular,

> the following \cgal packages depend on this package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the following \cgal packages make use of weights described in this package:
```

\ref PkgBarycentricCoordinates2 "2D Generalized Barycentric Coordinates",
\ref PkgPolygonMeshProcessing "Polygon Mesh Processing",
\ref PkgSurfaceMeshDeformation "Triangulated Surface Mesh Deformation",
\ref PkgSurfaceMeshParameterization "Triangulated Surface Mesh Parameterization",
\ref PkgSurfaceMeshSkeletonization "Triangulated Surface Mesh Skeletonization", and
\ref PkgHeatMethodSummary "The Heat Method".

\section Weights_Groups Weights

We call *analytic weights* all weights which can be computed with a simple analytic
expression. All weights from this package can be computed analytically. However,
for better navigation through all available weights and their applications, we distinguish
three typical groups of weights:

- \ref PkgWeightsRefAnalytic "Analytic Weights"
include all basic weights which can be computed for a query point with respect to its local

> neighbors in 2D or 3D, whatever way these neighbors are defined. Usually, the configuration is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
neighbors in 2D or 3D, however these neighbors are defined. Usually, the configuration is
```

a query point and three other points. These weights return one unique value per query point.
- \ref PkgWeightsRefBarycentric "Barycentric Weights"
include all weights which can be computed for a query point with respect to the vertices

> of a polygon in XY or any other plane. These weights return \f$n\f$ values per query

Reviewer: `XY` & such to be removed

point, where \f$n\f$ is the number of polygon vertices. Barycentric weights are also used
for computing \ref PkgBarycentricCoordinates2 "2D barycentric coordinates".
- \ref PkgWeightsRefRegions "Weighting Regions"
include all weights which are used to balance other weights but are rarely used on their own.

> Sometimes, such weights are referred as *local averaging regions*. These weights are usually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, such weights are also referred to as *local averaging regions*. These weights are usually
```

lengths, areas, and volumes of 2D and 3D objects.

\section Weights_Implementation Implementation

All weights have a simple and unified interface. In particular, all analytic weights take

> a query point and three other points in 2D or 3D and return a unique scalar. They all

Reviewer: Previously you have used "usually a query & 3 points"

have the same signature and are parameterized by a traits class that must be a model of
`AnalyticWeightTraits_2` for 2D computations or `AnalyticWeightTraits_3` for 3D computations.

The barycentric weights are parameterized by a traits class of the concept
`AnalyticWeightTraits_2` and are all models of the concept `BarycentricWeights_2`.
They take an input polygon and a query point and compute the weights at this point
with respect to all vertices of the polygon. The weights are then returned in a

> container providing the corresponding output iterator. These weights also provide a

Reviewer: `The weights...` broken sentence

\ref PkgPropertyMap "property map" mechanism for mapping a user type of the polygon
vertex to `CGAL::Point_2`.

All weighting regions have the same signature and are parameterized by a traits class
of the concept `AnalyticWeightTraits_2` or `AnalyticWeightTraits_3`. The returned weight
is a unique scalar.

> The parameter `traits` with a traits class can be omitted for all functions and classes
> if it can be deduced from the input point type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `traits` parameter can be omitted for all functions and classes
if it can be deduced from the input point type.
```

Reviewer: "...using `CGAL::Kernel_traits`"?

Several weights in this package have different implementations. One reason to have it is

> explained in section about \ref Weights_Implementation_Flattening. Another reason is that
> in different communities the same weights are named and computed differently. If one searches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explained in section about \ref Weights_Implementation_Flattening. Another reason is that
the same weights are sometimes named and computed differently in different communities. If one searches
```

> for these weights, one needs to know all their alternative names, which is tiresome. We provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for these weights, one needs to know all their alternative names, which is problematic. We provide
```

The weights, which support non-coplanar configurations, provide the corresponding overloads with 3D points,
while other weights accept only 2D point types. For example, \ref PkgWeightsRefCotangentWeights "cotangent weights"
support both flat and non-flat configurations, while \ref PkgWeightsRefDiscreteHarmonicWeights "discrete harmonic weights"
support only flat configurations.

If you still want to compute the coplanar weights, such as discrete harmonic weights, in 3D,
you can either provide your own way to flatten the 3D configuration or you can use one of the projection
traits available in CGAL as the last parameter to the weight function (see \ref Weights_Examples_ProjectionTraits
for example, where the common plane is a horizontal plane). If the two triangles are not exactly coplanar,
this projection traits will introduce an error, but this error is proportional to how much these triangles
differ from the common plane. If the non-coplanarity difference between them is due to noise or inexact computations,
it won't affect much the final computation result.

\subsection Weights_Implementation_Boundaries Boundaries

> None of the weights in this package is defined for query points on the boundaries. The boundary cases include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None of the weights in this package are defined for query points on boundaries. The boundary cases include:
```

- *edges*, for example [\f$p_0\f$, \f$p_1\f$] or [\f$p_1\f$, \f$p_2\f$] or any polygon edge and
- *corners*, for example \f$p_0\f$, \f$p_1\f$, or \f$p_2\f$ or any polygon corner.

> Several weights also require other conditions to be satisifed. You should address the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several weights also require additional conditions to be satisfied. Consult the
```
